Now we go to the outcome, at the
end of the story, but this
is really important.
What we have to show at this point
is that it is what our client is
playing, because we have already identified
his problem, we have shown him that
we can help him, he has validated
us as someone who can help
him, we have told him how to do
it, we have asked him to do it,
but if he is not aware that something
is being played, that he makes
the decision, he will not do
it, because people don't buy
for buying.
So, the end of the story has
to go aimed at that, you have to
go aimed at telling the customer
what risk or what problem you will
help him avoid, what is what
happens if he doesn't, and I'm going
to put an example, a financial
advisor, a financial advisor has
to identify what are the
problems he's helping to
avoid his client, and if he
does it well and communicates
it through his communications with
customers, they'll have a lot
of impact, what are the problems
he helps to avoid, what is what
happens if you don't hire me,
you can lose your money, maybe
your current advisors are
very little transparent
or don't devote you time,
or things will change or
you won't have money
to retire, etc.
As you can see, identifying
them, let's say that the problems
we help avoid is a very powerful
motivator for people because we
are more willing to make decisions
to avoid a problem than to
get a benefit is ultra proven,
and on the other hand what we
have to do is permanently
help them visualize how they
will change their lives,
what is it will get if you
buy us.
If you look, a lot of communication
campaigns are exactly this,
happy people, people who have
achieved it, etc., because we
have to help the customer visualize
what is what it will, if not,
it will not do, you can
understand it more rationally
but you have to make it see,
and you have to make it see
repeatedly because the history
of your company goes about
that, as I have said, the history
of your company is that your
product is able to make the
life of your customer better,
and what are those benefits
you can get, well, because
as we have seen above are,
usually what we are looking
for are very basic things,
how it will be
to your life after,
it will gain status,
it will gain recognition,
it will gain security, it
will reduce the anxiety,
it will have more time,
you will make things
easier in your day to
day, you will connect
with other people